Ajay says
hello guys today we are going to learn how to fill
half icici bank
insurance plan from mediclaim and width
him
200 price list
and listen to me
I have opened the form
now I am zooming it so that you can
see it clearly
and today in this video friends we are going to
cover it very fast
because the video can be very long
friends
so here in
a part I mean now it is chakli
friends here see the document we have selected
systematically click on it and
click for every field here that
means click here if
this good fortune prosperity friends if we are disturbed to fill this form then for that
we will do csc here
final hospital this also we have to add payment
receipt side investigation report
if you have it then you have to add it and
secondly medical bills there invoice
and doctor's prescription whatever the
doctor has given that means friends whatever you have you have to
give it here in consultation paper
and proof  You can also add Aadhar card
in indoor which paper
soldier friends here we are seeing
that whatever document we have,
we can flip it here and see it,
so look here the party is
also insured field so friends our
policy is there so we can fill it here ourselves
here we can see that the main
hospitalization EXP expenses
friends whatever
this expense during the hospital means how much money it cost,
here the appointed post hospitalization
friends
can add it before and after getting admitted in the hospital and
this decision has been taken here
because if you have tried then there is no
need to fill this form so we will
close it here ok so look here friends you have to
write the full name of the patient in capital letters here you have to write the
first name here and here his middle name and here
last name so friends here
our accurate ID number is there
friends if our policy is there then on the
policy there is our policy number
and card number also so we have to do it
here friends if it is male
Male-Female So female here date of birth
raid campaign peer and friends here
our complete age how much is
in friend and in mind occupation friends here
service or self employed you
student is fixed then here
if we have provided service to friends this policy from the company has been done by us
now
previously
Gautam Mediclaim Health Insurance so
friends I have not done it yet so
I will do that face company name if
friends have taken it before but whatever the
name of the company will be, I will tell you
current residential address
friends here we have to
click on the address of the place where we are living right now here city wise city
here state if here Maharashtra
Latur Maharashtra Bihar UP pin code and
here mobile number whatever it is
add mobile number here if you have landline then
add it otherwise there is no need for it so
friends here in email id
also we have to add our email
here so that
whenever we receive our application
we can easily read this email
then we  Here we can inform about
our status policy and if friends, this has been
given by an all state company, then
here we have to enter the name of the company,
this plate of ours of the company and here we have to enter the name of the company
friends enter the full name and if
we have taken only the polish then or
tonight service tips number and here whether there
is a renewal policy or not, if renewal has been done then
its elimination and entry polish
number,
on this festival we have to give our policy number
here, rules professor
relationship with your proposal,
what is the relation of the patient with the proposal now and if the patient
himself plays gym then he can do it himself
if any of his relatives or around him
etc., if there is his wife etc., if their
relation is Raghava current policy policy number,
here this number is here here we have already added it, by
adding it
below the discharge in this context
and orange red spot for being an wood polish
player hospitalized, so see here
friends, if our delivery happens here then
here we often deliver here
if there is an accident or something  You can write here
friends here if we
take here then the situation was sharing so friends
here it was single so I have given single's
date of admission friends the
time of her admission in the hospital is
288 here and here her service
and friends when was she discharged
here also the date of her armaan so here the time pet
of Indian standard size in his first
friends if its aspects have been detailed then
here that and its date have to be written
lut
that system of medicine here feng shui a given
course so friends if there is
anything before that then click here are you in
top additional if you and from other then I will
appoint here if you then
click here if you have subscribed subscribed
means the hospital has done so friends
I have taken and subscribed and from means
if appointed for delivery
I can give rough result here for which
reason you were admitted you
can give company name here but policy number
details of treatment space client
resource last Friday's express
how much is the post if you
brought you in ambulance then ambulance charge will be
Hospital Research Health  Checkup cost and
here if whatever happens then
we have to write the total here, if there is hospitalization then for
how many days it was, post it there,
how many days plan for misery
hospitalization take care, so here
for hospitalization we have to
click for any result, you can click here, if you have done
extended care pregnancy
then you can do it here
and tell me
that retail shop lump sum cash benefit lent
hospital Delhi cash critical illness so whatever we have,
friends you have to
write in A in Rupees if it is surgical
paste, that is if you have had some surgery etc. then what about
Shyam we have to
write it here for Prayas Patel then
hospital to stop this hospital and
friends now see the bill given to us here
if the room rent is two thousand then
I have to tax you 204 on it, its
date bill attached yes bill has to be paid after
consultation with charge here date this here
not interested yes and here friends
this has to be filled and whatever
total it is here, write the total amount here, the
entire amount  Some total amount and we have to
add it here and write it here
and hips in support of them now next may
include following documents in
original so friends here we have to
take original of his hospital proof etc.
their claim form for lines Delhi
field and signature festival hospital jobs
yes hospital payment receipt this report this
video channel our Ghaghra Karne Medication
for Jobs we have to click here
friends subscribe and yes
subscribe number serial number subscribe to that
provide details here so friends we have to give
details about this 13 inch one and
here
signature of a science student friends
our signature will be here here
please if it comes complete then in Pune
Mumbai-Delhi you and here we have to
write the date so see friends that is also a field by that
send our four numbers behind tube
field training doctor and hospital and write
so friends this form will be filled up by the doctor of the hospital
here the patient has to
write the name of the hospital here
hospital address 6 means friends doctor
your complete mobile number here  Here the
registration ID code number
subscribe chief roti to subscribe
registration number mobile number the
patient admission open here and
write the name of the patient and send it registration
date of birth date of admission time
subscribe types of admission admission to
share this with you with planning then
means for delivery types of treatment
surgical procedure multiple subscribe if
medical treatment click here date of
delivery delivery date
is 0 and here premature baby means
friends we are feeling the doctor
and this full meaning
is given for the doctor and I do not want you to do anything so that the question
is mandatory for you
left your health policy is not provided
by the employer friends if yours
through the employer means through your company
police then we can feel it
friends so you can feel
that in the hospital and hostel which is
written here see with the best time for speed middle aged
doctor seal and signature and friends
see this friends we have very well written the
name of the patient on the policy number this which
we had written here so the name of the company
number  If you have mobile number or email ID, then
please provide only attested copies
of them. Here you have to give it by signing etc. in friends
and give a copy of cancelled cheque here and here
if I mean,
attach the attested
copy of your bank passbook, SC
code, the
proposal policy, please provide your
details, all fields and compulsion
producers, policy number and dimple name
here, name of the person, friends, if
we are working in our company, and if
something happens to our wife or child, then friends, not their name,
our Ghagra number, friends, we have to
write our number here, friends
subscribe, friends, subscribe now to bank
here and friends, this
is important and after we have our PAN number here,
we will send it here,
account holders and here pimples and know
your customer, just like that this
request is for only one
individual retail policy holder,
if friends click on the plain mode, then
we will get the name of our patient  Policy
number, company name number, mobile number,
this is proof of identity, for proof of identity,
we have a pot, friends, everyone has it, so
then we click here
and here friends subscribe, we
can see here and subscribe the problem identity and
residence, the
present president, president current,
Facebook, Twitter and here
everyone has the passbook, but the last
means the last point, friends,
then like this, the statement of birth details
of president permission, friends,
on our passbook, means this is our
subscribe here and click here,
so friends, I tried this many times,
but when I was
going to do it here, friends,
I did not have the means to do anything,
friends, you are making it here, so friends,
if you like this video, and
friends, if I have been able to help you in any way through this video, then
please like this video,
friends, and here friends, friends,
subscribe to our channel, and
friends, if anyone of yours needs this or
friends, or your family
members need this information, then friends,
you can also share this video with them.  You can and
friends stay with us for such videos,
thank you.